he's just making it worse did you see
the driver we're always gonna do I don't
think you put up on the other term to
think at this point you go back to where
he was my face no he's not moving though
so he can't suck enough I think at this
point can't go anywhere from where he's
at everyone's yelling at him okay nobody
saw that he was going to tree either no
that car did it was honking at him is he
gonna jackknife it now it like wasn't
target has been a better parking lot to
make a u-turn okay thank good up in this
side okay get out of there yeah you
could if he were to drive into burgers
nobody's going up on this like it's
choking the chickens getting on there so
i think is gonna connect straight or he
was on the tree yeah no no he plays the
British you what are you doing now yeah
he's going back what are the chances of
him being drunk very likely i think you
have to go the freaking berm we're going
up the mini not going up to us to the
editor maybe
what the hell he has a passenger too Wow
take out the tree people can't reload
curcuma okay they didn't want that
cheater anyway yeah villains been in
pain with your planet Arsenal hear how
my wife's in there so I wanted to chi
I'll just hit her nothing right now you
could get out of it going straight back
if you could get it now should well you
know but why here to make a u-turn well
yeah I think he's gonna hit again
because as soon as he comes up in turn
to get out of that turn over there he's
gonna hit in a tree again exactly what
happened earlier how many the wife's get
out for good idea fight right in front
of that car all right uh oh you made it
no because look I think it's cuz she's
gonna go up on the side up again look at
the sidewalk them off the tree but then
we're gonna come out the aim what are
you gonna do run around light not even
in light look at the cars hey buddy this
is where you're supposed to go back oh
my god no ice not gonna trip if you're
in the wrong side Raymond roughly oh how
he was originally going gonna get to the
top with the surest customers get away
with too much